>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And welcome
to another fascinating episode
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
You know, so many
people are going
through so many different
kinds of hardships,
economic, emotional.
We're going to give you hope on
this "Beyond Belief" episode.
Our special guest
is James Paris,
author of a course, "Pray
for a Financial Miracle."
He also heads up the
website christianmoney.com.
He is a noted
radio host himself.
Jim, welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>JAMES PARIS:
Thank you so much.
Good to be with you, George.
>>NOORY: Always a pleasure.
You have had probably one of
the most fascinating up and down
roller coaster stories I
have ever heard in my life.
And we're going to
get into a lot of that
with "Pray for a
Financial Miracle."
But tell us a little
bit about Jim Paris.
>>PARIS: Well, by the age of
30, I was a multimillionaire.
By the age of 40,
I was bankrupt.
>>NOORY: Gosh, I was going
to ask for a little loan.
I guess we can't.
>>PARIS: So I've
been through a lot.
And it's been quite a journey.
In fact, after I
lost all my money,
I planned out my own suicide
on three separate occasions.
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>PARIS: Because I made the
mistake like a lot of people
do, which is I had
tied my self-esteem,
my self-worth up into what
I did for my career, which
was I was a financial
guy going on radio,
TV shows, writing books.
So my thought was, what do
I do after I'm bankrupt?
How does a financial
guy, a financial expert,
go from bankruptcy court
to his next TV appearance?
Nobody is going to want to
listen to what I have to say.
But I was wrong.
And God had a different
plan for my life.
And this journey I've been
on has been quite a ride.
But, personally, I live
near Daytona Beach, Florida.
I sort of reinvented
my life now.
I used to be a big bricks
and mortar business
guy with lots of employees
and multiple locations.
Now I work from home.
I have a nationally
syndicated radio show.
I have a small sailboat that
I spend a lot of time on.
I just finished my
second degree black belt.
And so life goes on.
And I'm stronger than before
because of what I went through.
I've been married now
for almost 27 years.
And I have three adult children
and two dogs, I should mention,
that I love as well.
>>NOORY: Well, and
it sounds like you're
at peace with yourself.
>>PARIS: I am.
And, you know, it
gave me an opportunity
when I lost everything to
kind of reevaluate my life.
And as odd as this
might sound to people,
I really am happier today
than I've ever been.
I was really on a
treadmill before.
And the truth was, George,
I was making so much
money traveling around
that I didn't have time
to manage my own finances.
And that's how I got
in trouble that I
did where my accountant
embezzled $2 million from me.
It was also my brother,
which made it even worse.
>>NOORY: And there
is a double-whammy.
>>PARIS: Yeah, it really
messed with my psychology
when you start
thinking about maybe
I can never trust another person
again if my own brother, who's
my accountant, would
embezzle from me.
But I've really
reinvented myself.
And my book is
really about hope.
It's about that, when you go
through something like this--
whether it's a job
loss, or something
more dramatic like a
bankruptcy, or a foreclosure--
that you can bounce back
from those kinds of things.
And not only just
get back to where
you were before but
really even get back
to a better place in your
life, a place of more peace
and happiness if
you let God provide
that opportunity to you.
>>NOORY: With a little more
knowledge, too, I hope.
>>PARIS: Yes, a few more
gray hairs but more knowledge
as well.
>>NOORY: Well, let's talk about
how Jim Paris made the money
and then talk about
the embezzlement
and how that happened,
probably right under your nose.
But you thought,
hey, all is well.
I'm making money.
Things are good.
So you're a financial analyst.
You're talking on the radio.
You're talking on TV.
You had books.
So the dollars are
flowing in to you.
>>PARIS: Right, and I actually
started at the age of 21
as a stockbroker.
And within two years, I became
a regional vice president
of the firm that
I was working for.
I had men working
for me in their 60s.
And there I was
21, 22 years old.
I was flying to Europe.
I was making--
>>NOORY: A whiz kid.
>>PARIS: Yeah, I was
one of those guys.
And everything I
touched turned to gold.
And by the time I was 30,
I had made so much money
that I decided to
start my own companies.
So I had my own
nationwide brokerage firm.
>>NOORY: Are you the
wolf on Wall Street?
>>PARIS: I'm not quite
as exotic as the wolf
on Wall Street but maybe a more
conservative version of that.
But yes, I started
my own brokerage firm
which went nationwide.
I ended up having multiple
offices, and lots of employees,
and all the money that
went with all of that.
But you know, the truth
is I wasn't happy.
I was writing books.
I was doing lots of
TV, lots of radio.
I had a nationally syndicated
TV show, a nationally syndicated
radio show.
>>NOORY: But you weren't happy.
>>PARIS: I really-- now that
I look back at the time,
I may have thought that I was.
But really, something
was missing, George.
And I'll tell you what it
really was now that I look back.
It was that the pursuit,
for me, the end game
was about getting money.
That was what the focus was,
how much money can I accumulate.
But over time, after I began
to accumulate a lot of money,
it wasn't exciting anymore.
It wasn't interesting anymore.
It was almost like
going on a caged hunt,
because it became
so easy for me.
When I lost
everything, it gave me
a chance to deepen my
relationship with my wife.
>>NOORY: And yourself.
>>PARIS: And myself, and
my kids, and with God.
And I was the kind
of guy that I would
laugh at people that had boats.
I would say, what do
you have a boat for?
You should be out making money.
Now, I'm a guy who's out on--
I'm out on my sailboat at least
two days a week out
sailing with the dolphins
and all the sea creatures
around me in the ocean.
I'm also somebody that
doesn't miss any events
with my kids who are now adult.
They're all college-age
and so forth.
But I'm always there to be
at their different events,
and performances,
and special days.
I was the dad, every
dad was in the room
and I wasn't there for the
ballet recital or the Little
League baseball game.
I was absent from a
lot of those things.
But when I lost everything
back in 2001, something in me
changed.
And I realized that real
wealth was not money.
And I know that we
need money to live.
And so my book gets into
what do we do to get money
and what can God
do to direct us.
But true wealth is
being totally at peace
even if you have no money.
And I never had that,
George, no matter
how much money that
I had accumulated.
>>NOORY: And the
secret, I think,
as we get along in
this program, Jim,
is how to utilize
whatever money you
do make to keep yourself happy.
Whether you make enough money to
just simply rent an apartment,
or live in a mobile
home, or own a mansion,
there's got to be that barometer
there that you find, that mix,
in order to be happy.
Let's talk about your
brother for a moment.
So as you accumulate your wealth
and you've got all this money,
what do you?
You bring him into
the fold or what?
>>PARIS: My brother started with
me in my shipping department.
So younger than me, six
years younger than me,
never had the financial
acumen, never went to college.
So I started him in my
shipping department.
And he slowly worked
his way up to being
an assistant to my accountant.
And after a couple of
years, my accountant came in
and he said to me,
look, you don't need me.
Your brother has learned a to z.
He said, I'll make
a deal with you.
You can save yourself
a little bit of money,
make him the accountant.
I'll just check the books
every quarter for you.
And then of course--
>>NOORY: Get a a
little fee for that.
>>PARIS: Sure, since we were
a regulated business, George,
once a year we had to
have a big audit done.
So that's what happened.
>>NOORY: Was he with
what was called then
one of the regional
eight accounting firms?
>>PARIS: It wasn't
a big eight firm.
But it was a big firm
regionally, well-known firm
in our area, that
was doing our audits.
And George, the
embezzlement by my brother
took place for about
five-year period.
And it was one of
those schemes where
there are two sets
of books being kept.
And so even the auditors--
>>NOORY: Miss it.
>>PARIS: Right, and my
attorney even considered
having us sue the auditors.
But he said it would take years.
And who knows if we won or not.
So a lot of those-- I had to
sort of decide to cut my losses
and not pursue them legally.
But I probably could have.
But, yeah, it was
a deceptive thing.
And during those years, George,
my brother and I were not just
professionally close, but
we were personally close.
>>NOORY: Of course,
he's your brother.
>>PARIS: He had children around
the same age as my children.
So as you can
imagine, every time we
had a kid's birthday,
Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter,
4th of July, all of our
families got together.
And it was just one of those
kind of big family gatherings.
And then to find out--
which how I found out
was a shocking morning.
When my accountant was doing
the audit, he said to me,
he says, Mr. Paris,
we have discovered
from the first
quarter of last year
that there's
$130,000 discrepancy
from the first quarter only.
And so I just
assumed that this was
a mistake of some sort a
misunderstanding, if you will.
And one thing led to the next.
We stopped counting
at $2 million.
It was probably
well beyond that.
But my attorney
said, look, how much
more money do you want to
spend on a forensic audit
and purchasing backups of
the bank records trying
to rebuild your financials.
So we stopped counting
at $2 million.
And when you lose $2 million
out of your operating account,
I mean, we were a fairly
substantial company, but--
>>NOORY: And you
thought it was there.
>>PARIS: Yeah, losing $2
million out of your operating,
and then--
>>NOORY: That's a big bite.
>>PARIS: What really brought me
down was that all of my capital
that I had to be in business
as a brokerage firm was all
stolen.
And my brother was producing
to the securities regulators,
he was producing
forged documents
showing them that we had
our operating capital, which
is to protect the public
in case you go under.
You've got to have
this money as security.
And so they came down on my
company like a ton of bricks.
And my attorney
explained to me a term
called vicarious
liability, which
means that even though
you didn't do any of this,
the person that did this
was under your authority.
>>NOORY: Was one of you people.
>>PARIS: So you have to fall
on your sword with them.
So that sort of
ruined the whole deal.
>>NOORY: Did you notice
that your brother was living
differently, maybe a
little higher on the hog?
>>PARIS: He was
living more richly.
But as part of this ingenious
scheme that he had hatched,
he had a cover story.
And his cover story was that
his wife's grandfather was
beginning to distribute his
estate prior to his death
and that he had received several
million dollars from his wife's
grandfather.
>>NOORY: Now, was
the wife in on it?
>>PARIS: The wife went
along with the story,
so I believe
possibly was tacitly
involved in this whole matter.
And so that was the cover story.
So I was loving to
see my little brother
building this big
house with a big pool
and getting cars and little
ATV motorcycles for his kids.
I loved it.
>>NOORY: And he made
a salary with you.
>>PARIS: Right, and I just loved
seeing my brother doing so well
never realizing that I was
paying for all of it, George,
never realizing it.
>>NOORY: How did
this scheme unravel?
>>PARIS: Well, it
started with the auditors
doing the annual audit.
We had the same auditing
firm for five years.
But when we had relocated
our main accounting functions
to Florida from Dallas,
the new auditor came in,
and within just two or three
days of going through our books
and records, had
discovered discrepancy.
It was just an immediate thing.
And so when we started
looking into it, of course,
I had that confrontation
with my brother.
>>NOORY: Did he deny?
>>PARIS: He
absolutely denied it.
And the confrontation was
really me asking him, look,
there's obviously some
misunderstanding here
about the accounting.
There's a discrepancy
of over $100,000.
He says, oh, it's just
a misunderstanding.
I'll clear it up.
That went on for about 10 days.
And I began to press
him a little bit more.
>>NOORY: You were suspecting
at this point, right?
>>PARIS: Yeah, we've got to come
up-- we've got to resolve this.
Our audit will not be signed off
on unless we can resolve this.
Finally, I get an email that
says I will no longer speak
to you, speak to me only
through my attorney.
>>NOORY: From your brother?
>>PARIS: Right,
this is my brother.
And I'm like, whoa.
And so he hires one of the
most expensive high profile--
>>NOORY: Had he left the firm?
>>PARIS: Yes.
I had learned that that
morning he had not only
left his office, which was a
different physical location
from where I was working,
but he had left also
with a lot of bankers boxes
which we later learned that,
in an attempt to
cover his tracks,
that he had stolen bank records
going back more than 10 years
from our warehouse.
So he disappeared.
And he hired one of the highest
profile attorneys in Orlando
who formerly used to work for
the government as a prosecutor.
And so my book
gets into now what
turns into be a drama
almost like the movie,
I'm almost like Tom Cruise
in the movie "The Firm."
This whole thing is
starting to be turned around
on me like somehow I
have stolen this money.
>>NOORY: That you
were the guilty--
>>PARIS: From my
own company, I've
strip mined my own company.
And I was facing a potential
five years in prison
unless I could clear my name.
So here I was, it
wasn't bad enough
that I was broke and bankrupt.
But I was facing
possible criminal charges
for having this money missing.
So it was-- I literally planned
out my suicide in detail
on three occasions.
>>NOORY: How were
you going to do it.
>>PARIS: Well, I
wanted, honestly,
I wanted to kill myself in a
way that it didn't necessarily
look like a suicide.
>>NOORY: Like you were murdered?
>>PARIS: That it was
an unexplained death.
And I had planned it out
to take place probably
near the beach where the
forensics would be weak
if they found me
the next morning.
This all sounds crazy.
>>NOORY: It is.
>>PARIS: But that's
the mindset I was in.
And my wife saw me one morning
at 3:00 AM in my office
thumbing through one of
my insurance policies,
because I had several
million dollars--
>>NOORY: You had to make
sure that was covered.
>>PARIS: I was making sure
that the two years on suicide
had passed.
Now, she didn't know
what I was doing.
She said, why are you looking
at the insurance policy?
I said, oh, I'm just reviewing
some of our financial holdings
and so forth.
And she accepted that.
>>NOORY: And she knew
that things had unraveled.
>>PARIS: Oh, absolutely.
And years later, when she
put two and two together
and realized that that very
night that she had stumbled
across what I was doing
that I was actually
in the final stages of
planning my own suicide
by making sure that the
suicide provision would not
prevent my family
from getting the death
benefit after I killed myself.
That's kind of a-- if you can
imagine a financial planner
planning his own death, that's
the kind of thing that you do.
So that's where I was at.
>>NOORY: What made you stop?
Why didn't you do it?
>>PARIS: You know,
George, I got to the point
where, honestly,
I said to myself,
if I'm going to kill myself,
it can't get any worse.
If I'm already at this point
that I'm going to kill myself,
how much worse can it be?
And I just decided that I was
just going to live every day.
Some people say
one day at a time.
I literally had to live it one
minute, one hour at a time.
And I just woke up
every day and just tried
to breathe and stay peaceful
and relaxed as much as I could.
>>NOORY: And take these
issues one at a time.
>>PARIS: And I had
to-- when you talk
to an attorney about a collapse
of a business like this,
it's not like a consumer
that goes to bankruptcy court
and the whole thing's
over in 60 days
and maybe they show up
one time for 10 minutes
to acknowledge their bankruptcy
in front of the judge.
My bankruptcy took
almost three years.
And it was considered to be
a highly complex bankruptcy.
>>NOORY: Was this
corporate or personal?
>>PARIS: Personal bankruptcy,
the corporations just folded.
But my personal bankruptcy was
considered a highly complex
bankruptcy.
And to top it all off, I had
no money for an attorney.
So there I was having
only finished one
year of law school.
I was representing
myself in federal court
as my own attorney for
almost three years.
That was part of my life.
And so a lot of people I'd run
into, they'd say, hey, Jim,
come on man.
Just go forward with your life,
stop looking into the past.
This has all happened,
move forward.
And I said, I'd love to.
But I've got a hearing I've
got to be at in Jacksonville
on Monday.
And I've got this, and this, and
this, and this lawsuit that's
coming up against me.
Because a small percentage
of my company was owned by
private investors, only 10%.
But nonetheless, these folks--
>>NOORY: So they
were ticked at you.
>>PARIS: They were upset.
Look, they had lost their money.
And somebody's got
to be to blame.
So you go to the guy at the top.
And so I had legal
issues that were
unraveling from all of that.
So it was a very, very
complicated thing.
And it was several years
where I really could not
go out and even take a
full-time job if I wanted to.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
forgive your brother?
>>PARIS: I did
forgive my brother.
And, you know, back
on August 8, in 2008,
I've never been one of
these numerology guys,
although I will tell
you that in the Bible
there is a lot that has
to do with numerology.
>>NOORY: It sure does.
>>PARIS: There's
so much in there.
And I started hearing for months
coming up to this August 8,
2008 how people were using that
date for different purposes.
And the number eight,
many people argue,
is God's number
for new beginnings.
And a lot of Christians were
looking at this date, August 8,
2008, to plan the
launch of a business,
or start a new church,
or whatever the plan was.
So I thought, wow,
maybe that could
be the day that I write
a letter to my brother
to forgive him personally.
>>NOORY: And he wasn't in
jail or anything like that?
>>PARIS: No, he was never
criminally prosecuted.
Although, he did get a $5
million judgment against him
in court which my
bankruptcy-- became
an asset of my bankruptcy.
So I don't know how
much if anything
they ever got from that.
>>NOORY: They may not
have collected it all.
>>PARIS: Sure, absolutely.
So I call my wife.
She's a school teacher.
She's finishing up usually
around two o'clock.
So I called her up.
And I said, Ann, I've
got something special
I want us to do.
And I believe it was a Friday.
And she thought maybe I
was going to take her out
to dinner or
something like that.
So I said, try to get home
as quickly as you can.
So she gets home, says
what are we doing?
What do I have-- how
do I have to dress?
I said, nothing, just
the way you are is fine.
>>NOORY: You told her
not to wear anything?
>>PARIS: No, just the way
she was, her school clothes.
So she jumps in the car.
And she says,
where are we going?
And I said, I can't tell
you until we get there.
We go to the post office
in our little town
of Palm Coast, Florida.
And I park the car right
next to the mailbox, George.
And I reached in the
glove box and I pulled out
the letter that was
dated August 8, 2008.
And I said to her, I said, I
cannot mail this letter without
your blessing.
And she opened the letter up.
And all the letter said,
George, was Carmen,
you've never apologized for
what you've done or taken
any responsibility.
But I forgive you.
You owe me nothing, signed Jim.
And my wife is
reading this letter.
And the tears are
streaming down her face.
streaming down my face.
And she said to me,
honey, this is OK.
You can mail this letter.
So I folded the letter up,
put it back in the envelope,
sealed it.
And I walked over to
the mailbox, George.
And I put that letter in
the mailbox August 8, 2008.
And the financial blessings
that began to happen to me
were unreal.
I mean, to use a pun,
beyond belief, unbelievable.
I would have-- I remember
telling one of my good friends
from college, he comes
down to have lunch with me,
I'm telling him the story
of what's happening to me.
We're sitting
there eating lunch.
And I said, I'm going
to pick up the tab.
He says, well, wait a minute.
His little girl was with him.
I think she wants
to get a dessert.
And they added a couple things.
The waitress comes
back to the table,
she says, I'm sorry to
interrupt you, here's your bill.
She said, by the way, we
made a number of mistakes
on your bill.
We're only charging you
for one of the meals.
And we're not charging
you for the ice cream.
And she's going through
this, and my friend,
he's staring at me.
I said to him, Russ, this
is what's happening to me.
Everything that I touch,
this is happening to me.
And he was maybe a
little bit skeptical.
But after he saw that, I
mean, it wasn't a big deal.
It was like we saved maybe
$12 or $15 on our lunch bill.
But this is what began
to happen in my life.
And I really believe, George,
that holding a grudge,
carrying bitterness--
>>NOORY: It's negative energy.
>>PARIS: It is.
And it can block God from
being able to really release
blessings into your life.
And, you know, for me, it
really changed my focus, George.
My energy was all about how
angry I was with my brother
and how--
>>NOORY: At everything.
>>PARIS: Yeah, and I was a
victim, and this is terrible,
and I shouldn't be
in this situation.
So all of my energy
is going towards this.
My psychiatrist gives me a test.
He says, I've got to test
you for something called
post-traumatic stress disorder.
So he gives me this test.
My next appointment,
he comes back,
he says, I got the
results for your test.
He said, you could not
have tested any higher.
He said you have the worst
case of post-traumatic stress
disorder that I have
ever diagnosed since--
>>NOORY: Like worse
than a military person.
>>PARIS: Exactly.
I said, well, I've
never been to war.
How could this affect me?
He said, you wake up multiple
times a night with nightmares?
Yes.
And he started going through.
He said, you have PTSD.
So as I went through these
sessions with my psychiatrist,
it all began to crystallize.
And I became really
healed emotionally
when I forgave my brother.
And all of that energy
that was focused on I'm
going to get even
somehow, he's going
to get his bad karma from all
of this, all of that was gone,
George.
And I felt like a new person.
I was carrying
around this weight.
And this weight was gone.
And, you know, people have said
to me, "How could you do it?
How could you forgive
your brother after all
that he had done?
He's stolen all your money,
put you in bankruptcy,
and he was trying to frame
you so you would go to prison.
I mean, how could
you forgive him?"
And I said, "I
forgave him for me,
and I forgave him because it
was what God wanted me to do."
And, George, I don't focus
at all on him anymore.
>>NOORY: Has he ever
communicated with you?
>>PARIS: No, he hasn't other
than when my father passed away
2 and 1/2 years ago, my
father had prayed and prayed.
And he had told my mother--
>>NOORY: That you guys
got back together.
>>PARIS: He told
my mother, he says,
my one last wish in this world
is that my one son Carmen would
apologize to my other son, Jim.
I don't know if there will ever
be a reconciliation, he said,
but that's my one last
wish in this world.
George, as they're getting
ready to close the casket,
we're as the family
in an awkward moment--
>>NOORY: Extremely.
>>PARIS: He's still my brother.
And he's standing on the
other side of the casket.
They're getting ready.
They're making the
final adjustments.
They're closing the
lid of the casket.
And my brother looks
across the casket at me.
And he whispers, "I'm sorry for
everything I've done, Jimmy."
Now, I wish I could tell
you that after the fact
there was some real heartfelt
repentant action that
would follow that
up, like he tried
to repay some of the money or
do something-- None of that.
But I was so grateful that
my father's final wishes--
>>NOORY: Did you lose it?
>>PARIS: I'm sorry?
>>NOORY: Emotionally,
did you lose it?
>>PARIS: I was-- you know,
I'll be honest with you,
I was somewhat cynical
at that moment.
But I was emotional that whole
day, really feeling like here's
my father passing
and there's still
this division in our family.
But I felt like that his
final wish was answered.
And he probably knew, as my
mother has now shared with me,
he knew it was unrealistic
really for my brother and I
to ever be reconciled again.
And that's another thing about--
>>NOORY: You couldn't
be best friends.
>>PARIS: Yeah, people
don't understand.
Forgiveness doesn't mean that--
>>NOORY: Socializing, right?
>>PARIS: --we're now
slapping each other's backs
out together, spending time.
It's not like that.
>>NOORY: You got me, Carmen.
>>PARIS: Right, that's
not going to happen.
But you know, it was
my father's last wish
that there would be an apology.
And I don't know what's
in my brother's heart.
Maybe at that moment, he
meant something there.
And I accept that.
But I had already forgiven him.
So it was not
necessary for me to be
able to move forward
with my life.
>>NOORY: And what
is he doing now?
>>PARIS: Well, he continues to
have a lot of problems, George.
I wish I could tell you
that he took this experience
and turned his life around.
But he really hasn't.
You read the stories in the
Bible and other ancient books
about reaping and sowing.
And he's now reaping
what he's sown.
>>NOORY: The karma
has come back.
>>PARIS: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: That's sad.
>>PARIS: Yes, it is.
>>NOORY: On our next
"Beyond Belief,"
we're going to get
into your work,
how to pray for a financial
miracle and what people can do.
But what advice, Jim, after
this ordeal you went through,
what would you tell people
who may be contemplating
the same things you did?
>>PARIS: Well, as I said,
once you get to the point
that you're ready
to kill yourself,
it can't get any worse.
>>NOORY: It can't get any worse.
It can only get better, my gosh.
>>PARIS: Right, I
mean, it can only
get better from that point.
And you know, I think
sometimes people
that are very creative
people, writers like myself,
people that have vivid
imaginations, I think what we
imagine, George,
is going to happen
is such an unrealistic
worst-case scenario.
Like I talk about in
the book, I worried,
I laid awake at night
for months, George,
when we were losing
our family home.
I laid awake for months
at night wondering, oh,
what is that day
going to be like?
And I literally imagined
my family and I standing
on the street corner with a sign
like we were homeless people.
It's just crazy things
that you think about.
>>NOORY: Will work
for food, you know?
>>PARIS: George, the day
after I lost my home,
I moved into a bigger
home the next day.
>>NOORY: How'd that happen?
>>PARIS: Yeah, I found an ad
in Craigslist, met a lady,
told her my story.
She became immediately
sympathetic to me
and my situation.
Moved into a larger home,
not only as a renter
but had a lease with
the option to buy,
eventually bought the house.
My family was thrilled.
And so what my advice is,
George, as much as people
want to imagine the
worst-case scenario,
imagine another scenario
that's the best-case scenario.
And probably the truth
is somewhere in between.
But I'll tell you, in my
case, the best-case scenario
has what's continued
to happen to me.
It's like, OK, you
lose everything.
What could happen next?
You're homeless, or that you
move into an even bigger house.
I mean, what are the
odds of that happening?
But to allow God
to just provide you
with a miracle in that moment.
And the good news is, just
like with the seasons, George,
there's winter and
then there's spring.
There's the rain.
And then there's that
moment after the rain
where the sun is coming out.
And man, that moment
is coming for you.
Right now, you're in the
rain and the darkness.
But man, that moment
is coming very soon
when it's all going
to turn around.
And that's all going
to be a distant memory.
Don't stop the movie
at this dark moment,
because there is a happy
ending waiting for you.
>>NOORY: Jim, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>PARIS: Thank you,
sir, good to be here.
>>NOORY: "How to Pray
for a Financial Miracle."
I'm George Noory.
And take heed to what you've
heard today on "Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]